---
title: "2023"
permalink: /news-and-media/awards/2023/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Awards
---
INTRODUCTION

1\.   The Singapore Road Safety Council (SRSC) is an organisation set up to promote road safety awareness in Singapore.  SRSC drives various road safety campaigns and events like the annual Singapore Road Safety Month, Elderly Road Safety Campaign, Singapore Ride Safe and Anti-Drink Drive Campaign etc. to target different road users.   Together with key partners like Traffic Police (TP), Land Transport Authority (LTA) and Workplace Safety & Health Institute (WSHI), SRSC is here to constantly remind road users to always be safe on the road.

2.   The Singapore Road Safety Awards (SRSA) is a joint effort with Traffic Police, Land Transport Authority and Workplace Safety and Health Institute, to promote road safety amongst industrial players who runs a sizable vehicle fleet. 

OBJECTIVE

3\.    The SRSA recognizes both companies and vocational drivers for their efforts in keeping the roads safe.

4.    The Company Awards recognizes companies that promotes road safety actively through strong management commitment and good practices in managing their vehicle fleet (whether owned or hired) and actively promote safe driving behaviour amongst their vocational drivers/riders.

5\.    The Safe Driver/Rider Awards recognizes vocational drivers or motorcyclists who conscientiously maintain a good driving/riding record and display safe driving/riding behaviour.

6\. SRSA 2023 will be given out for the following categories :

A.    Company Awards

Companies operating and maintaining a minimum of **20** vehicles of the following fleet type may participate in this category.  Each company may make separate submission for each vehicle fleet type.  A company must have NO FATAL ACCIDENT the assessment period AND have in place a safety system/structure, to be considered for the awards.  The 5 vehicle fleet type under this category are :

a)     Light Goods Vehicle Fleet (vehicle not more than 3.5 metric tonne);

b)    Heavy Goods Vehicle Fleet (vehicle of 3.5 metric tonne and above);

c)     Public Bus Fleet of 12-seaters and above;

d)    Non-Public Bus Fleet of 12-seaters and above;

e)     Motorcycle Fleet.

B.    Safe Driver/Rider Awards

(I)   Companies that employ more than **20** drivers/riders for the following fleet type may nominate one of them to participate in this category.  The driver/rider must be employed by the company for a minimum of **2** years and has good driving/riding record.  Each company may nominate up to **3** drivers/riders for each category.

a.     Light Goods Vehicle Fleet (vehicle not more than 3.5 metric tonne);

b.     Heavy Goods Vehicle Fleet (vehicle of 3.5 metric tonne and above);

c.     Public Bus Fleet of 12-seaters and above;

d.     Non-Public Bus Fleet of 12-seaters and above;

e.     Motorcycle Fleet;

(II)  For Point-to-point transport services (Taxi companies, Grab, Gojek, Tada Mobility) may nominate taxi hirer or drivers using their application platform. The drivers should be active and been in P2P transport service for 2 years or more.

7.    The assessment period is from 1 Jan 2022 to 31 Dec 2022.  Participating companies are requested to download the application form at the bottom of this page and submit the softcopy of the application in excel format to [irenegoh@srsc.org.sg](mailto:irenegoh@srsc.org.sg) and mail the signed printed copy, together with supporting documents to SRSC Secretariat, attention to Ms Irene Goh, by 30 Jun 2023 (Friday), 5pm.  Alternatively, the forms may be scanned and sent by email.  Supporting documents are essential to verify the information and will be used in favour of the submission.

GENERAL REQUIREMENTS

8\.   To qualify for the Company awards, companies must operate or maintain more than **20** vehicles (even if they hire their vehicles but operate and maintain them) and have NO fatal accident record in the year assessed. The following categories of vehicles are excluded:

• Road Tax exempted vehicles.

• Trailers (non-motorised).

• Motor Vehicles owned by Government and Statutory Boards.

9\.     Participating companies will be assessed among others, on the following:

i.    Management’s Commitment to Road Safety

ii.   Operation and Control Management

iii.  Drivers/Motorcyclists Training and Awareness

iv.  Traffic Police / Land Transport Authority Violations

GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR SAFE DRIVER CATEGORY

10\.      Companies are invited to submit their nominations of vocational drivers and motorcyclists (with at least 2 years of service with the company) who demonstrated commendable efforts on road safety.

11.    All companies who employ such vocational drivers/motorcyclists are eligible to submit up to **THREE** (3) nomination for each category of awards even when they do not own the vehicles themselves e.g. dispatch riders who ride their own motorcycle.  The nominate driver/rider should not have, in the past, received similar award.

12\.    Nominated drivers/motorcyclist will be assessed among others, on the following:

• Company recommendation with justification

• Driving/Riding record with the authorities.  Provide a copy of status of driver improvement points at : 

[Click here for submission](https://eservices.police.gov.sg/content/policehubhome/homepage/enquiry/status-of-driver-improvement-points.html)



·       Commendations received (if any)

13\.     The decisions of the judges on the results shall be final.  Results will be published on SRSC website by November 2023 and only winners will be notified by email.

14.       Please download the application forms below:

[Download Here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Urj6466ndu5JNAufAnmrJp64R2qlkNcb/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=114524520986316926162&rtpof=true&sd=true](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Urj6466ndu5JNAufAnmrJp64R2qlkNcb/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=114524520986316926162&rtpof=true&sd=true)

 The EXCEL file contains 3 different forms in separate sheets.

CONTACT

15\.   For more information on the award details, please contact Ms Irene Goh  (Tel: [6547 6596](tel:65476596)/8822 9398 or Email: [irenegoh@srsc.org.sg](mailto:irenegoh@srsc.org.sg)).

16.    We look forward to your participation in promoting road safety in Singapore.