---
title: "2021"
permalink: /news-and-media/Campaigns-and-Events/2021/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Campaigns & Events
---
Anti-Drink Drive (ADD) 2021
==================


The Traffic Police (TP), together with the Singapore Road Safety Council (SRSC), organised the Anti-Drink Drive Campaign 2021 (ADD2021), which was launched on Thursday, 9 December 2021, at the Traffic Police’s Heritage Hall. Mr Desmond Tan, Minister of State, Ministry of Home Affairs and Ministry of Sustainability & the Environment, graced the event as the Guest of Honour. The event was livestreamed on the Use Your RoadSense Facebook page.

ADD2021 serves as a timely reminder for motorists not to drink and drive especially during the festive period. It also aims to raise awareness on the ills of drink-driving and to encourage road users to be responsible.

The tagline for this year’s campaign is ‘_Drink or Drive, You Decide_’, to encourage motorists not to drive if they intend to drink. As such, this tagline serves to remind motorists that they should make a choice between drinking or driving. If they choose to drink, then they should not drive, and should resort to getting home using public transport, engaging the services of a valet, or getting a friend or family member who is sober, to drive them home.

As part of the campaign, TP produced a Road Safety video titled “_What really happens when you are caught for drink-drinking?_” to give motorists an insight on what happens if they are caught for drink-driving. This video features Traffic Police officers demonstrating how they deal with an offender caught for drink-driving. The officers also shared the common things they experienced from a drink-driving case during their duty.

In addition, a Road Safety Poster with the campaign tagline was produced and will be distributed to stakeholders and community partners for them to display at their premises to drive home the important message of not drinking and driving.

As the festive season is just around the corner, TP would like to remind motorists to practise good RoadSense, be gracious, and never drink and drive. Get home safely to your loved ones.

